Prometheus receiver perf (#3102)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: testbed/README.md

  * `OCMetricsDataSender` - Implementation of `DataSender` which sends to `opencensus` receiver.
  * `OTLPTraceDataSender` - Implementation of `DataSender` which sends to `otlp` receiver.
  * `OTLPMetricsDataSender` - Implementation of `DataSender` which sends to `otlp` receiver.

>   * `PrometheusDataSender` - Implementation of `DataSender ` which send sto `prometheus` receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `PrometheusDataSender` - Implementation of `DataSender ` which sends to `prometheus` receiver.
```

  * `ZipkinDataSender` - Implementation of `DataSender` which sends to `zipkin` receiver.
* `DataReceiver` - Receives data from the collector instance under test and stores it for use in test assertions.
  * `OCDataReceiver` - Implementation of `DataReceiver` which receives data from `opencensus` exporter.
  * `JaegerDataReceiver` - Implementation of `DataReceiver` which receives data from `jaeger` exporter.
  * `OTLPDataReceiver` - Implementation of `DataReceiver` which receives data from `otlp` exporter.

>   * `PrometheusDataSender` - Implementation of `DataSender ` which receives data `prometheus` exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `PrometheusDataReceiver` - Implementation of `DataReceiver ` which receives data from `prometheus` exporter.
```
